Our house was destroyed, and we succeeded more than once. I mean, every few
times we go to a place,
we go from school to hospital to house, all in a sigh. We
live in a school, meaning we live our lives in
everything, but education is not available in this school.
The class in which I am supposed to give
guidance is supposed to give guidance, but
we lived.
In it, I mean, we tried to coexist in it
despite the hardships because of the war that the Jews did
against us, and we hope that the war will end and we can go back to studying,
go back to learning, and go back to living our lives in homes, not
in schools, and God willing, the school will return to
teach, not to the displaced, because frankly, living in
schools is not nice because all means of life are
cut off.  There is also not much transportation and food
available, but thank God, it means
a lot of hardship because I was deprived of the most basic right to
education, and this will be the best year in the life of every
student in the whole world because it determines his educational destiny,
but unfortunately this year was destroyed, everything was destroyed,
and the whole life was destroyed after this war.
God willing, may God
protect us from war